hear heard heard Tom likes to hear music
Yesterday, he heard a new song He's heard
it on repeat ever since Keep Kept Kept
Jane tries to keep secrets Last time, she
kept one for a week She's kept more since
then Learn Learned, learned Learned,
learned Mark loves to learn new things
Last year, he learned to cook He's
learned many new recipes since Meet Met
Met John hopes to meet his hero
He met him last month at an event He's
met other famous people since then Pay
Paid Paid Paid Tim tries to pay on time
He paid his bills yesterday He's paid
them without delay ever since Read Read
Read Read
Lucy wants to read more books She read
three last week She's read ten this month
Run Ran Run Sam likes to run marathons He
ran one last year He's run two more since
then Sell Sold Sold Sold Sold Chris wants
to sell his bike He sold his skateboard
last week He's sold many things at yard
sales Sleep Slept Slept Slept Slept
Emma tries to sleep early Last night, she
slept at 10pm She's slept better ever
since Speak Spoke Spoken Max loves to
speak French He spoke it fluently in
Paris He's spoken it often since then Si
Si Si Si Si Si Thank you.